Status Report for Logan Price
Friday September 11, 2009

Goals for this Week
--------------------
 * Get reacquainted with the grading system.
 * Research Trac.
 * Start working on tasks in the TODO list

Accomplishments for this Week
-----------------------------
 * Began re-learning how the script works.  I feel much better this time around
   as far as understanding how everything works.  I attribute this to a better
   understanding of Ruby in general.
 * Trac, I'm actually really excited about Trac's potential.  I think we could
   benefit immensely if we start using it to keep track of documentation, bugs,
   new features, and things of that nature.

   The Trac homepage can be found here: http://trac.edgewall.org/
   
   Trac is designed to be used during software development as in issue tracking
   system.  Through the use of wikis, it also serves as a common knowledge base
   for all those working on the project.

   Trac also integrates with SVN to provide a way to easily browse files in the
   repository, even browse through previous revisions of the repository.  It 
   also provides a way to view diffs (differences) of files at different
   revisions.

   There is also a way to keep track of builds and the overall project status
   through the use of the Roadmap feature.  (I'm not exactly sure how this
   works and how applicable it would be to us)

   These are only a few of the highlights of using Trac.  As for our project, I
   think that the most beneficial features would be the Ticketing system which
   will allow us to enter feature requests and bug reports and then assign 
   these to different individuals for completion.  It is also possible to set
   up email notifications on tickets so as progress is made the administrator 
   could constantly be in the loop (for example).  The Repository Browser is 
   also an attractive feature of Trac.  While it is possible to browse a 
   repository in a web browser by navigating to the appropriate url, I am
   unaware of a way to view previous revisions of a repository this manner (a
   task that can be easily accomplished in Trac).  Finally, being able to
   access all documentation from a common place (through the use of wikis) 
   would be a huge benefit.  Having a convenient place in which to contribute
   (I feel) would also help encourage those involved on the project to share
   any knowlegde they may have aquired (maybe we could even get Jason to 
   contribute!).

   I talked to Darryl about what it would take to get this off the ground.  
   The only problem is that Trac must be installed on the same machine that the
   repository is stored on.  Darryl said that since the check-script repository
   is located on Roses SVN server we may have to create a virtual machine and 
   move the repository to get Trac installed.  I'm not sure of all the 
   implications of moving the repository but I imagine we can discuss that when
   I get back from Sweden.

 * Most of the work I have done this week has revolved around researching Trac,
   so I haven't yet started any development, though I have started to look over
   the code for the first item on the TODO list.

Goals for next Week
-------------------
 * I'll be in Sweden next week and I don't expect to have time to work on this.
   When I get back I hope to be able to move forward with setting up Trac but
   we'll have to discuss that.
